talking tock: add DmaSlice post (#133)
tock/tock-www: _posts/2026-04-29-talking-tock-63.md

/// assume the trait is implemented correctly for a specific hardware
/// architecture.
pub unsafe trait DmaFence {
	/// Release memory from any assumptions the Rust compiler may
	/// make about the memory.
	///
	/// Must ensure that all writes to `buf` have finished and will
	/// be visible to the DMA hardware.
    fn release<T>(self, buf: *mut [T]);

    /// Retrieve the memory from the DMA hardware.
    ///
    /// Must ensure all DMA writes have finished and are visible
    /// to Rust.
    fn acquire<T>(self, buf: *mut [T]);
}
```

Then peripherals that use DMA must use a `DmaSlice` variant to handle slices
that are being used by DMA. This is an example of creating a DMA manager that
correctly uses `DmaSlice` (specifically `DmaSubSliceMut`) to hold the buffer
while the DMA is active, and uses the `DmaFence` to soundly hand over and
retrieve memory to/from the DMA hardware.

```rust
struct PeripheralDma {
    /// Holding place for the DMA buffer while DMA in progress.
    dma_buf: MapCell<DmaSubSliceMut<'static, u8>>,
}

impl PeripheralDma {
    pub fn start_dma(&self, buf: SubSliceMut<'static, u8>) -> Result<(), ()> {
        if self.dma_pending() { return Err(()); }

>         // To create a DmaFence we must trust the implementation.

Reviewer: I think this is misleading. We can assume the callee is correct, instead this is about caller-discharged obligations. Maybe better: to create a DmaFence we must guarantee that we're running on a compatible hardware.

>         // To create a DmaFence we must trust the implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // To create a `DmaFence` we must ensure that we're running
        // on compatible hardware.
```
